Azure Monitor: Fix broken links in readme (#34309)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/monitor/azure-monitor-ingestion/README.md

### Include the package

#### Include the BOM file

> Please include the azure-sdk-bom to your project to take dependency on the General Availability (GA) version of the library. In the following snippet, replace the {bom_version_to_target} placeholder with the version number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please include the `azure-sdk-bom` to your project to take a dependency on the latest stable version of the library. In the following snippet, replace the `{bom_version_to_target}` placeholder with the version number.
```

### Create the client

An authenticated client is required to upload logs to Azure Monitor. The library includes both synchronous and asynchronous forms of the clients. To authenticate, 

> the following examples use `DefaultAzureCredentialBuilder` from the [com.azure:azure-identity](https://central.sonatype.com/artifact/com.azure/azure-identity/1.9.0-beta.2/versions) package.

Reviewer: Is there a way we can avoid linking to a specific version of the package?

Author: Unfortunately, the new maven website doesn't allow us to point to a list of versions without using one of the version numbers in the link.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, we are going to need tooling to keep these versions updated, but unfortunately Maven Central doesn't have any convenience URLs.
